guys today uh what is this the doj will
try to force Google to sell Chrome no
not like like you have to pay for Chrome
in order to use it like sell the Chrome
business unit this is freaking wild uh
we could also talk about the fight last
week or should we call it a show yeah I
don't know we're not boxing commentators
but like realistically that wasn't a
boxing match so Ah that's a good call
hey got him
okay we're probably not going to talk
about that so hold on hold on let me
find let me find something else here um
I I should probably expand on what we
said last week or rather expand on why I
wasn't able to say more last week about
the Hiatus saai is that the term for
multiple hiatuses
Hiatus whichever one it is Ivonne
watched the segment and she was just
like that sucked dude you you didn't
even like explain why you can't explain
and I was like well I thought it was
self-evident and she was like it wasn't
and I was like okay thank you better
half I will do better next time I
do I understand why you thought that but
I also understand why some people might
not get it cool let's go uh what else we
got today
uh we need a puffery shirt the number of
people that talk about puffery ever
since that segment is ridiculous it's
really stayed around um y'all don't seem
to want actual Tech
tips yeah Yeah question mark no that
that seems to be a thing that seems to
be a thing we can talk about that we can
talk about that also Microsoft ignite
2024 uh things you don't want plus
fixing crowd strike nice
[Music]
the show is brought to you by notion
vessie server part deals that's a new
one and our laptop partner LG our rap
partner dbrand and of course our chair
partner secret lab who sent over new
chairs for us they're just like the old
chairs but whiter and like soft yeah
they have they have soft armrests which
we're both wearing long sleeves cuz it's
like the heat just turned on this
morning so it's not actually warm in
here I was good I they told me to wear
this oh which is extremely comfy oh okay
but yeah well whatever I'm cold so I
actually do need the hoodie why don't we
jump right into our headline topic today
um the Department of Justice will try to
force Google to sell Chrome ban default
search deals and license data for 10
years also Chrome OS might become
Android
uh so they have uh they've submitted
their recommended remedies to judge Amit
meta who ruled that Google illegally
maintains Monopoly on search back in
August and these are the recommended
remedies so selling their Chrome web
browser the doj views it as a key
component of Google's search Monopoly
with approximately 65% browser share
across all platforms with chromium based
browsers accounting for nearly 80% of
the market however I would I would push
back a little bit a little bit on
clumping other chromium based browsers
in with the chrom not really their fault
well it is and it isn't the dominance of
chrome is what's making a chromium basis
so important for maintaining
compatibility with the rest of the web
and even though Google does not
single-handedly develop another chromium
based browser they can certainly shove
um
certain they they can certainly shove
certain
um ideas uh along and and and make them
difficult to go against even though it
is possible in some cases they can they
can attempt to manifest their own
optimal business environment oh I like
that yeah I like that that's good that's
good um so anyway I I think that the
number is a little I'm just saying I
think the number's a little fuzzy yeah
it's clearly not 5% but I also don't
think it's 80% 8% no matter which one of
them it is though let's be real that is
a dominant position and it was it is one
that Google has has painstakingly
meticulously created and used to their
advantage um this is kind of wild the
next recommendation is Banning Google
from entering into default search deals
which amount to 26 billion annually and
might end up hurting Mozilla more than
it does Google brutally yeah to be clear
a lot of that 26 billion is going to
Apple not to Mozilla but um man this one
oh I have kind of I have kind of mixed
feelings on on the one hand yeah these
default search deals are a huge part of
why we all tolerate Google search
because it's just there when we open up
our browser
with that said if that works then more
people would use Bing but well or yeah
yeah know I mean I understand Ed is
still default in Windows and bang is
definitely still default in Edge If the
product was that bad I guess people
would be willing to switch off of it or
maybe that's different platform by
platform I mean um this the whole uh
switching to iOS experience has
definitely has definitely opened my eyes
to how intu doesn't mean intuitive it
just means whatever Arcane
Ridiculousness you've personally gotten
used to right um and and that is true
that's true across across multiple
platforms I mean how is it intuitive to
press control alt delete to access some
kind of system menu it's not you've been
doing for a long time exactly so it's
intuitive to you specifically exactly so
so depending on the platform you might
find users more or less
um and it's it's pretty well established
that behavior across IOS and Android
users is different for example I
remember like years ago this used to get
talked about a lot more um and maybe
it's because there was more transparency
into the numbers I actually don't know
why nobody talks about it anymore but I
remember it would it would make
headlines sort of like cyclically that
Apple users spend way more money on the
App Store yeah that used to be super
common to be talked about I think that
was often when there was notable or more
notable I would say differences between
the apps I remember people used to be
really frustrated because Android users
had lower image quality on Instagram
back in the day yeah yeah that was
little things like that um were were
much more discernable it was you you
generally had a worse experience on
Android because Android users were seen
as like cheap and not worth focusing on
development yeah and and and and and and
they were yeah to be honest so like yeah
like like very measurably if you don't
remember this it was like a huge topic
and like like a many times multiplier it
wasn't like the average Android User
spends 9% Less on apps compared to the
average Apple user and this was more of
a thing back I would imagine more of a
thing back when uh like pretty much
every app was like kind of useless
unless you spent like $2 or3 like that
was what a that was what a paay app was
back in the day it wasn't so much
subscription Based Services in 2024 the
average iPhone user spends
$22.77 per app by comparison the average
Android User spends $619 per app so it's
still double still double wow okay as
far as my understanding goes it was like
a much bigger Gap in the past but I'm
I'm not I don't know 100% right now I
don't know if what parkol is saying here
is true but if it funny if true H
Snapchat on Android was apparently just
a screenshot of the camera compared to
iOS directly using the
camera it doesn't re it wouldn't really
it wouldn't really surprise me that much
it works uh I mean yeah and do you
really need uh do you really need that
kind of Fidelity in a pick I mean I'm
just asking questions I'm just asking
questions you know if you if you have
lower Fidelity you might gain a pixel
here or there yeah I mean isn't that the
whole point of Snapchat low
Fidelity get it different kinds of
fidelity seems good I got it I'm
actually I'm that was that was pretty
good surprisingly funny this early in
the morning that that was really
good I'm actually I'm actually giving
myself one of these that was not bad um
what's her what's what's her nuts Ashley
Madison just released their um just
released released their um most uh non
monogamous cities in Canada list oh no
yeah uh Vancouver is very low really
Vancouver is very low non- monogamy so
uh I mean to be clear I'm not saying
that that's that's a goal I'm I'm just
there's there's all kinds of well
there's like you know ethical non-
monogamy yeah but isn't that site
specifically based J I'm not judging you
if you're s is like for cheating though
well there's a big difference I mean is
any site for anything really Luke I mean
is float plane for Early Access
to although although very occasionally
very occasionally there are things but I
was actually hinting at something were
you
what I yeah look what I found oh wow
well I didn't find it Emma put it in my
luggage and then I found it that way but
I found a relic wow that is uh not even
that many people in the audience are
even going to know what that is now
that's a name I've not heard in a long
time a long
time I I pulled that out my luggage I
was like
what what is this yeah so apparently I
lost the shirt but I still have the
toque so cool I uh I'm pretty sure I
still have the shirt kicking around
but it's my shirtm it was for a time now
it's mybo
shirt another another name that hasn't
stood the test of time um what on Earth
were we supposed to be talking about oh
right um
Google
sure they also are recommending that
Google be required to license its search
index data to competitors for 10 years
so this is the kind of like W not slap
on the wrist but actual like no you guys
need to not behave like this again and
you guys need to take active steps to
prop up your competitors to make up for
the anti-competitive practices that you
guys have engaged in and I got to tell
you already like like we're not even all
the way through the list here already
I'm looking at this
going I um I have no idea what's going
to happen in January
because on the one hand um I think we've
I think we've both been pretty happy to
see the US actually finally engage in oh
dude Lena KH any
antitrust um investigations and
Remediation um but I I have no idea
whether that will or won't continue with
the next
administration
because I think that everyone on both
sides of the political Spectrum can
agree that um it is likely to be
unpredictable yeah I I know a pretty
strong theory around this whole like
you're going to have to sell Chrome
thing is that Google's probable defense
is going to be to delay as much as
possible and try again with the new
Administration the thing with the new
Administration though is I don't think
they have any particular love for Google
the in general General reply to that
theory is that uh big Tech right now is
kind of at odds with both sides um which
is kind of a funny thing because um a
lot of the a lot of the transgressions
that both sides are kind of mad at Big
Tech about are are very different from
each other like they're sort of mad for
completely different reasons and it's
hard to feel bad for you know the tech
billionaires that have kind of you know
sold us up the river over and over and
over again over the last couple of
decades but I do kind of feel like at
this point um now that everything's so
far gone that um they just are
monopolies whether they you know kind of
like it or not and to be clear you do
not have to be the mono in Monopoly is
not
actually like strictly speaking
necessary right um You you can just be
in a dominant abusively dominant
position you don't actually just have to
be a monopoly to follow foul of
antitrust regulations if you completely
control everything yeah or don't or even
or or or collude with a handful of other
parties to control things yeah verium
has an amazing video on that so there
are some very very um there there are
some very non
monopolis
um cities in Canada sorry wait what are
we talking
about uh the point is just that
everyone's kind of mad at them and
looking for an excuse to kind of punish
them but the mediation that another
Administration might ask for might be
really different yes I guess is is what
I would worry about so maybe roll the
dice again kind of thinking this is
probably one of the worst they could
have got and then hoping for better I
don't know yeah I do think the just
jumping back to it a little bit because
I saw some comments about this in the
flow plane chat when we were talking
about it but the 26 billion in search
deals hurting you know it's going to
hurt Apple but not really um Apple will
be fine yeah exactly it's really like
the the big damage that we're probably
going to feel is to Mozilla
um they're they're declining in
usership effectively
constantly um oh thanks Dan I wasn't
actually okay I want to clarify
something really quick that's not my
gesture for fill my water I was checking
if there was water in
it that the Optics of that were not
great
that's I didn't even notice that's
pretty funny um but but yeah so like
honestly this shakeup okay significantly
less cash in the bank I suspect it might
immediately hurt Milla in the ability to
employ people Department things like
that as far as my understanding goes
they actually had layoffs recently I
suspect that may continue if this
happens
but a significant Shake up in the
browser Market could result in a
userbase increase an actual one um we
can hope that could result in Firefox
actually having long legs instead of
this just constant decline to eventual
um irrelevance which they've been kind
of on the path of I I I I enjoy Firefox
I use Firefox daily in my personal life
um Firefox has been my mobile browser
actually the entire time I've ever had
an Android phone since the very
beginning of having an Android phone um
it's going to be so much less lucrative
for Firefox to even have users if they
aren't benefiting from that Google
default search deal yeah um you know
Bing could swoop in it's not a ban of
there being default search deals it's
just a ban of there being you know
Google Google on um it reduces the
competition yeah who's the competition
why would Microsoft have to pay a ton of
money for it and and if I'm Microsoft
and I'm watching this go down for Google
I'm
like I don't know if I want to do that
yeah yeah I AG I mean that's like that's
how this is supposed to work right like
that's these remedies are not supposed
to be oh here's A1 billion fines like
cost of doing business they're they're
supposed to be like oh crap everyone
else looking at this going holy crap we
we really should not do that we should
not do that people are talking about
like Duck Duck Go the ISS is that Duck
Duck Go doesn't have any money like they
have money but they don't have like
billions of dollars a year to use our
search engine money otherwise they would
just be doing it
already uh outar I outar I'm guessing in
flo plane chat said uh since 2019
Mozilla has lost 30 million monthly
average
users yikes yeah so they've been on a
just they've lost like almost an entire
Canada of users eventually they're not
going to have
anything to take this money from anyways
right like there will be nothing for
Google to have bought from them um so
like I don't know I I'm I'm hoping that
a reroll of the dice a shakeup something
like that uh might give them a chance um
it's going to hurt a lot in the short
term because that money is just going to
disappear but I don't know hopefully
something can happen out of this that
that works out I think the real question
Luke is what have you been doing to help
help
Mozilla it's not like there aren't
things you could do uh using it
personally it's not enough we we put on
Ian why don't you make it why we put on
the lab site that it works best in
Firefox why don't you make it so that
flow plane can only be accessed with
Firefox since they're all using Firefox
anyway it wouldn't be a problem that is
a good call we probably should have done
that yeah um I can I can look towards
doing that in the future do you have
your phone in your pocket is it
me I think it's this iPhone I think the
iPhone is a lot worse in terms of
interference because I've kept my phone
over there for since before you brought
the iPhone wasn't causing an issue
unless it got damaged and now it's for
those missing context we've done some
polls and the float plane uh the float
plane audience swears up and down that
they are using Firefox but we have
actual like site access statistics and
they don't yeah people have pointed out
that you can like spoof it so that it
reports that you're using Chrome for
like weird compatibility recent things I
sincerely doubt that that percentage of
people are spoofing it sincerely
definitely not a thing um all right uh
yeah more remediations not selling
Android but restricting it from favoring
Google Search now because this is
focused on search and not you know web
mail or web documents or whatever the
case may be it sounds like they could
still have default Google apps but I do
Wonder if this uh if this all goes
through if this all went through if
Google would look at a lot of their
current practices and go hey how do we
avoid any more of this um restricting
Android from favoring Google search that
is like what would that look like so
instead of that default Google search
bar like I would be prompted when I I
suspect on phone setup you or maybe with
an update now one time and then phone
set up in the future um you would be
prompted to choose your default search
and there would probably be like you
know your to be random to five and then
other um and it would probably yeah the
list would probably have to be
randomized wow um and it would involve
undoing Google's $2 billion investment
in AI startup anthropic that would be a
big bummer for anthropic wait really why
no no no no like what I'm saying not
that it would be a I understand why it
would be a big bummer for them uh I'm
I'm wondering why they have to do this
uh I I don't know a ton about anthropic
and that and that investment uh but what
I would guess is that anthropic is uh
super super focused on search um but I
I'm just guessing I'm completely
guessing uh Google has responded calling
the doj's proposal staggering wildly
over Brad and part of a radical
interventionist agenda that would harm
Americans and break a range of Google
products
um in an example of how excruciatingly
horrible this would be Google said that
the proposal and this is a quote would
literally require us to install not one
but two separate Choice screens before
you could access Google search on a
pixel phone you bought and the design of
these Choice screens would have to be
approved by the technical committee and
that's just a small part of it we wish
we were making this up is that an actual
quote that's from Google's
vog are they for real right
now um this is oh my goodness guys
yeah like a device Setup Wizard is a
thing which you already have by the way
this is actually very interesting
because this is such an early W show we
have a bunch of EU viewers and
apparently this is like already a thing
for them that makes sense uh dorex said
in the EU you already get to choose the
search engine on Android uh technically
they said as far as I know at the end of
that um this is hilarious yeah people
are saying yes we have that already yeah
so like what do you even mean you
already did it for them and it's worth
noting that in the EU um Android
actually maintains better market share
than it does in the US so clearly
clearly that ain't the variable that is
affecting that so annoying what an
annoying thing to say I hope they lose
just cuz of that can you can you imagine
sitting at Google and thinking that
typing that is a good idea like how did
that at a certain point you wonder if
like the person who wrote it is like
yeah let's let's torpedo ourselves a
little bit cuz like that's the
worst I don't know we wish we were
making this up are you kidding me hold
on you know what no my my source thing
oh my God like is that is that poking
fun at yourself this is
literally
literally at blog. I didn't even believe
it like I I trust I trust Riley okay and
and he had the citation in there so I
saw the citation I went I don't need to
click through to this but I was like no
no the people deserve for me to actually
click through to the Google Blog yeah
and see that this is literally we wish
we were making this up I wish I was
making this up we already did this in
the EU so really we don't have to do any
of this at all but we wish we were
making this up I I've had multiple
conversations with multiple people good
people strong people the best people
tear streaming down their eyes the the
wlist of people um about the like the
slow death of just Google in general
like they suck like if we're if we're
looking at the landscape of like modern
you know web Silicon Valley sty
companies what have they done in the
last long time other than just like kill
stuff and not innovate let me think what
have they done okay does it count as a
thing they've done if they ultimately
killed it no okay that doesn't count no
okay hold on
thinking uh Google Fiber oh wait no hold
on um and that's old at this point wait
no this dead dead uh okay hold on
there's got to be something apparently
uh the EU has had the choice screen on
Android since 2019 uh actually okay
YouTube YouTube has done some pretty
cool stuff YouTube is the only thing
I've been able to think of that has had
positive Innovation and it has also had
really junky negative Innovation yes
this is true this is true um I would
say yeah I was going to say that finding
stuff to buy through Google search if
we're talking about monopolies is better
like like the interface is better but
all the sponsored stuff that up the
results is not better so I I take that
one back
um Android is better than
ever yeah but like nothing crazy has
changed in like it's better than ever
though it's like sure well I'm looking
you ask me to find stuff so when I find
stuff you don't get to be
like yeah I fair enough fair enough okay
Google workspace has stood still for a
super long time they don't even have
their own realistic chat I know they
have chats which they swear to me that
they use internally and I don't believe
it uh oh oh uh Google Maps Google Maps
maybe they do but they also use other
things I bet maybe other people have had
access to this for a long time but my
Android auto interface for Google Maps
finally allows me to report
problems um like if I see police I can
report it in Google maps I mean they
acquired ways what 10 years ago um so
it's it's it's understandable it took
them a little while to Port that
functionality
over
um someone says they've had that in maps
for a long time I don't know man it it
did it did not show up into my interface
until like a couple weeks ago which was
the reason that I exclusively use ways
even though W is search is terrible like
my own Badminton Center doesn't show up
in ways
[Music]
search and I don't I don't I don't know
why because it's on Google Maps so like
you they're literally owned by the same
company I thought that's the point of
being a monopoly like the actual point
but
anyway on basically everything they've
Stood Still on on they have some people
the company that are obviously still
doing good work like they have uh their
their AI researchers wrote the white
paper on like what is breaking the world
right now um but then they have like one
of the worst ones in Gemini because they
didn't capitalize on it because they
don't seem to be able to do anything and
the reason why I got onto this topic is
is because of the we wish we were making
this up almost feels like they're
they're pointing at themselves because
the and the design of those Choice
screens would have to be approved by the
technical
committee that part is
like okay yeah because we can't trust
you to do it on your own based on your
own website and documentation you
already did
it so like what are you talking about
yeah that looks fine yeah it does it
looks completely fine and they literally
already did it yeah that looks fun let's
just do that what are you talking about
make things again like Google was such a
sick company I really liked Google I
really like Google workspace I can't
tell what's different in Google
workspace from tell I can tell you cool
stuff they've done they have those like
Hardware decoding cards for video
Hardware video decoding cards those are
cool when did they make those I don't
like a while ago but they like are like
working on them and stuff yeah so they
they um that's not really for you though
we get the result of it yeah we look I I
I have said before and I maintain that
YouTube is one of the wonders of the
world it is like I I think if we when we
if we didn't have YouTube anymore we
would look back on the time that we
would have that we had YouTube and we
would go the internet would be different
good Lord like the the the knowledge the
sharing of Human Experience I I I really
do feel would be a maybe not quite on
that level because of how little sort of
written knowledge there was in the world
at that time right
um but I I I think that given even more
time and given even more more buildup of
of collective knowledge and experience I
I think you could make the argument I
just didn't want to make such a strong
statement uh but no I think I think it
would be I think it would be like that
losing something of that magnitude at
this time one of the big things with
YouTube is when you'll you'll find
videos on there that are like from 13
years ago and it's it's like potato you
know but it's it's when people were
archiving footage from like pre-
internet era yeah so it's not only is it
from 13 years ago it's actually from way
before that yep and there's literally
nowhere else to access it because on
YouTube any
Yahoo it's kind of a joke cuz that's
pretty good yeah uh can upload anything
they want and it just is there and is
just documented um that is that
is I I I'm not going to call it a public
service because they're clearly a
for-profit company and they and they
profit from it um with your data and
your attention to ads and uh your
premium subscriptions and and all of
those things but it to to lose it would
be catastrophic I think at this point
yeah but yeah they i i i when's the last
time they launched a a Gmail you know
you know like when they launched Gmail
they launched it on April fools almost
as like a joke and then just took over
the world like they they don't do stuff
like that anymore Google workspace again
hasn't moved at all Gemini I'd say yeah
someone's phone is oh sorry that's
me Gemini is I'd say docs is notably
behind do noticably better than it used
to be
all as someone who uses it every day
it's a lot better than it was five years
ago I'll tell you that it's definitely
better what's changed um in The Last 5
Years specifically I don't know but just
it's the interface is just always like
getting a little better it's always
getting a little better there's still
things that's probably one of those
things where I can't imagine it but if I
saw a version from 5 years ago it's
probably changed subtly over time there
still things that are super obnoxious
like once a document is is pressing
return is two spaces it's like damn near
impossible to get it to stop doing that
for some reason like you can go in you
can tell it single spacing you can tell
it whatever you want uh but if you like
paste something in that has that
inherent formatting in it already for
some reason it just like breaks it
forever as far as I can tell I'm sure
there is a way around it but it is not
intuitive to a word user um a longtime
word user someone in fping chat Tim said
come on you know more than anyone that
small backend changes are so huge and
you don't realize them unless you look
at them side by side yeah I know that
what what I but this is from a consumer
standpoint Point give me give me
something as a consumer backend changes
smooth out your infrastructure and make
managing it easier and they might even
improve responsiveness here and there
but for the most part every time that
I've seen Google tell me that a backend
change is supposed to make my user
experience better it has made it
literally worse I'm sure it happens a
bunch of times without them really
communicating to you this is totally a
thing it's it's super annoying being
being on a team when you have to work on
stuff that users most egregious example
of this is the analytics dashboard which
used to be extremely Snappy except for
the occasional time that it wasn't and
now okay of course it's behaving well
right now yeah now it is for the most
part a piece of garbage it's actually
doing really well right
now but it it it had it I I I I could
talk for a long time about how much I
hate the new analytics dashboard and
it's not even new it's like 7 years old
at this point but I I can't stand it I
can't think of anything new that I use
from from Google and most of the old
things that I use from Google are
becoming harder and harder to justify
over time due to price increases from
you know getting my YouTube music for my
premium subscription that just went up
by 60% because they're trying to
shoehorn in AI features that are really
expensive so they're cranking the price
up just give me Google Play music back
yeah I it was actually better like the
the thing that I the one feature I cared
about the reason that I spent a bunch of
money on Sonos speakers and the reason
that I got a Google Play music
subscription was because from my music
app I could just click
cast like like just the cast button you
know like like the chomecast cast button
I could just click the cast button and
then pick my speakers and the
integration was perfect and Flawless and
I never had to touch that piece of sh
Sonos app I like and now that it's like
so bad that like their CEO had to
apologize um I I feel so validated in
that sort of that decision I made to
completely avoid it also oh my God I
don't know when this happened but again
back to Android auto for a second here I
can't search in my in my YouTube music
app like I have to like I can voice
search not in the app like I can be like
I don't know play Justin Bieber or
whatever right like I can do that but if
I'm if I'm like a if I'm like using the
interface there's no search and the
browse is super hamstrung and what's
what's really wild is there's no start
radio button in it anymore and that is
literally like how I use my music app is
like I find a song that I'm kind of in
the mood for and then I click Start
radio cuz I just want to I kind of want
to listen to stuff like that for a bit
song yeah um and that that start radio
button is no longer there in the player
for me and I I see a lot of people when
I was talking about Maps saying like oh
yeah mine has this mine has that it's
all over the place though the fact that
you I'm not saying you don't have it and
you you guys might even have a start
radio button I have no idea but I don't
and it is very annoying very
annoying um okay no one is actually yeah
no one's actually disagreeing with this
so I guess yeah it's uh it's apparently
still still bad but yeah just just get
bury the hatchet with Sonos and just
make it work again
please please yeah I don't know I just
um I've heard a lot of stuff about how
and who knows what's true and what isn't
true but I've heard a lot of stuff about
how things work inside Google apparently
the best way to get promoted was for a
long time was to like Champion a project
to launch yeah but then you would just
get promoted after it launched so it
that project would like lose its leader
stagnate and then get closed down so it
was just this like farm for Junk for a
long time so for at the beginning they
were making new good things rapidly and
then they saw new good things coming out
rapidly as a good thing for the business
so let's incentivize that and promote
people that do that um but then the
people inside that just wanted
promotions and money uh were abandoning
all their projects so they were making
new good things and getting rid of them
rapidly for many many years and then now
they just don't seem to really do
anything cubes the gamer has one
RCS yeah and that wasn't just a matter
of like developing it that was that was
like La launching and maintaining for an
extended period of time an extremely
ultimately effective campaign to get
attention from regulators and I was
saying a big part was the lobbying
almost more than anything else
um I think RCS is a good example it's
crazy to me that there is this few
examples for a company of 200,000 people
this is true this is fair uh Google meet
is pretty good these
days I'm just saying look it barely
matters when people are actively moving
away from Google workspace because if
you want to be on workspace and you want
an actually good chat client you're
using workspace and slack and workspace
and slack as a combination is quite
expensive in my opinion slack is
significantly better than
teams um workspace itself though has
stagnated so hard that Office 365 seems
to have mostly caught up to them yeah if
not at parody the biggest problem with
Office 365 is that teams is just such a
dumpster fire um it's better than it
used to be but it's still so
baded messages
to group chats that have not existed
before yeah I know why well if you
attach something to a chat message you
have to wait for it to upload before you
click Send yeah why in slack if I attach
something and click send it just sends
once it attaches yeah duh like there's
there's so many things that are just
holy crap if you're in a big group chat
it highlights the box for whoever is
talking except for you so you can't tell
if your mic's working why
why just why there's so much stuff
that's just so confusing we need to get
a couch on the L show set so he can so
he can lie on cou teams but teams
therapy teams is going to keep
improving because something that
Microsoft is quite good at is this just
NeverEnding March yep they just keep
moving usually a little bit slower than
everybody else sometimes backwards but
they just keep moving So eventually
teams will be good enough you know
there's only so much you can do with a
chat client you're seeing the type of
innovation that slack has been bringing
lately and it's like eh I think we're at
feature parody with MS and messenger now
so the uh the only way to go is upward
from here we're getting there but it's
it's just it's going to be really hard
for it teams to justify the cost of
having an expensive Google workspace
subscription especially when they're
trying to not give you discounts anymore
unless you also buy Gemini which nobody
wants and then also a very premium very
expensive slack subscription when you
could get all of that under a 365
license or a lar license or something
like that at a massively decreased price
with more features vdka makes a very
important Point here um until we have a
nudge feature parody with MSN Messenger
uh will not have been achieved you are
you are right yeah thank you for that
and I'm sorry I have misspoken I have
besched the good name of MSN Messenger
uh and I will not do it again Miss mess
I will not do it again um okay what else
we got here uh Google claims the doj
should be focusing on revising search
distribution agreements
instead um okay this is interesting
Google isn't the only one who thinks
this is a bad idea some analysts worry
about its feasibility and unintended
consequences for example it could
potentially harm schools that use
Chromebooks and disrupt the browser
Market which relies heavily on Google's
open source chromium project those are
both good things some analyst realize
that something might happen if this
happens um and like this is one of those
things where it feels a little bit like
the housing bubble in
Vancouver where the not in my backyard
the bigger the bubble gets the more hand
ringing there is over doing anything
about this because of the economic harm
and it's like the longer you hand ring
the harder the economic harm gets but
like if we' done everything properly we
wouldn't be here in the first place and
the the the further we allow it to to
expand the bigger the explosion when it
pops like yes there's going to be
collateral damage if all of this goes
through there will absolutely be
unintended
consequences but the longer we wait the
worse it gets the more the more
atrophied every other potential
competitor will become because of
Google's dominant position this is why
you shouldn't allow this to happen in
the first place
ideally yeah yeah speaking of the
Vancouver housing bubble it's it's kind
of starting to look a little shaky it's
it's looking a little uh sh a little sad
yeah you know it's it's making a noise
like sales are erupting though yeah
sales are sales are going up which will
maybe prop things up a little bit but
also interest rates um apparently
apparently the the Trudeau government is
doing like uh like a buy your vote
program right now yeah oh yeah you saw
that too I'm happy you the exact same
reaction I
did oh the election's coming soon what
if we uh what if we lower taxes and gave
you money huh how about that huh what if
we got rid of first pass the post you
ever think of that Mr JT yeah that thing
you said you'd do yeah did you ever
think of that because I'll tell you what
I'll make you a deal Mr
Trudeau right now if you're watching
this I will wholeheartedly emphatically
endorse you for the next election if you
get first past the
post gotten rid of if you do that thing
you said you're going to do before the
election you follow through on that
first term election
promise I will I will I will say hey for
all of his other
warts at least the ones that I can see
and the ones I can't see uh don't show
me your warts hey he's got that cool
fall down the stairs trick and he got
rid of first P the post that's enough
for me all right because we need
election reform yes we do we need it
desperately um so I'm there you go I'm
in that's all you got to do what is
first pass the post I would actually
recommend that you watch a cgp gray
video on that uh but effectively with
first pass the post
um you are going to end up being forced
into what is effectively a two-party
system yes um if you don't have first
pass the post you then have ranked
Choice ideally so you rank your choices
and if one of your parties that you
voted for as your first choice is
clearly definitely going to lose they
just dump that and your vote goes
towards the second choice and so on and
so forth until there's a winner um it
also it it also makes it so that uh like
let's say you had a super polarized
electorate hypothetical scenario um if
if if you had uh if if you had your your
rank Choice rank Choice voting card and
it had um like the the the super
right-wing party
here you had a super right-wing party
kind of a Centrist party and a super
leftwing party if you were to say uh
well okay I am very aligned with the
right-wing party and very misaligned
with the leftwing party but I guess
these Center guys would kind of be okay
and if everybody basically did that but
like flip-flopped that Center party
would actually have some representation
in the formed government yeah because if
everyone kind of agreed that these guys
are okay even though one of the other
two hyperpolarized parties was their
first choice
um those those Centrist sort of mindsets
would be much more represented is pretty
much what it would come down to first
pass the post drives people to extremes
because it ends up making in my opinion
most people vote on an anything but them
type basis instead of for what they
actually want
um and ranked Choice voting allows you
to vote for what you actually want which
is like a enormously massive difference
yeah or or or more like it allows you to
it allows you to specify what would be
un completely unacceptable and what
would be more acceptable and what would
be preferred and then you can you can
account for that it often results in
something that's a little bit more
average not
necessarily the best or better but it'll
it'll help lean towards something that's
a little bit more average instead of
more extreme I don't think there's any
like voting system that involves
everyone and is perfect I don't think
there's any voting system that's perfect
really no but first passive post is like
definitely one of the worst yes there
are worst ones yeah but but it's one of
the worst but first pass the post is
really good for the incumbent um it's
really good for those parties that are
that currently hold all the power so
that's why it's really hard to get any
kind of Reform passed because they are
highly disincentivized to do it it's
really it's really frustrating uh why is
it called first pass the post as
shortcut it's called first pass the post
because whoever uh passes the requisite
number of votes to to win that race just
takes all the marbles um instead of
accounting for for anything else uh
digital B1 says ver has a good video on
voting systems and uh that makes perfect
sense I'm sure Derek does so why don't
you guys go check that out
yeah uh moving on did we finish the
Google topic
um discussion question blog post multi
Source within Google has told Android
authority that Google's multi-year plan
to migrate from OS fully over to Android
which lines up with the Google blog post
from June 2024 swapping parts of chrom
yeah know I think we're I think we're
pretty much done I think we've talked
about this enough okay so what do you
want want us to do Dan announcements oh
you want us to do announcements oh good
lord there's a handful of announcements
today uh uh uh okay from Tuesday
November 26th to Monday December 2nd we
will be running some incredible deals on
some of our most popular products at LTT
store but what we're really excited for
are these bundles that we're putting
together with the help of some of our
partners if you've already seen our
Black Friday Cyber Monday um email sign
up page then there something new on it
uh make sure you sign up so you don't
miss out on the deals also float plane
subscribers oh this is is this because
of uh like the new like better
integration between float plane and LTT
store uh or like what is this quite
similar to what we had before so just a
different way of using it oh okay float
plane subscribers will be getting one
day of Early Access on Monday November
25th let's go now my understanding is
that early access is to the week long
deal
but it is possible that there are
messages on my phone that will further
clarify what is going
on uh what nope I do not have any
further messages on my phone so I think
that would be the weeklong deals I don't
think that that will necessarily include
some of the very limited quantity Flash
Deals but I do not know for sure the way
to know for sure is to be signed up for
the newsletter so that is at lm.
g/
bfcm Dan do you want to throw that in
all the chats to make sure that
everybody gets that can do now it's time
for us to play a game we're sorry we're
playing a game uh some people are saying
that they don't see the email sign up
form it's probably because you have
something blocking it
nice that makes sense modern internet is
a thing okay Luke
let's see if you can guess what these
items are sorry I don't have an item
here Dan do you know anything about this
is it these what are these no I don't
I've been wondering about what's with
everything on the desk Dan there oh
Dan's there what these items are what
what items
um but I think you had a good feeling
about the item in the middle of last I
don't know what the items are is it is
it in
this I think you had a good feeling what
they were the bag
I guess so uh Riley had mentioned this
I'm so sorry Riley uh okay cool why
don't we come back to this L guessing
game plan for the products on set which
will
be uh I don't know uh here anyway so the
Early Access thing um uh subscribe at
lg. gfp Black Friday uh to subscribe to
float plane um people are saying it's
the bundles at the bottom of the Black
Friday page oh the question mark things
oh I'm supposed to guess what they are
thank you audience okay there we go the
the big freaking bundles how specific am
I supposed to get I think you're
supposed to get very specific how the
heck
really
uh
Pikachu guess that can you just say
ditto for
every um I don't know the the first one
based on the what looks like the wrist
rest attachment and the fact that it it
doesn't have uh the no you're supposed
to guess the middle one the middle one
oh it's a stream deck okay it's
apparently in the human organ transplant
bag that is on the set oh oops that's my
thing why Luke I don't know what's going
on right now any more than you do sure
yeah cool oh it's not it's a wave XLR
it's from the same brand oh wow you got
it wrong I'm sure they used the same
housing wow Luke you're zero for
one wait I don't think I'm going to get
any of these then checken wait what no
hold on a second what what's going on
what I don't think that's right because
the dock says the doc says Elgato stream
deck Mark I is supposed to be in the
organ transplant
bag what is happening right now
you can't do this
anymore um also from the shadow you
literally can't tell the difference
between the two I have one on my desk
that looks like what is the silhouette
on the right uh it's a keyboard onon um
I don't know I'm my my guest on the
right Luke that's the left uh headphone
on um these look like sennheisers they
look like Jamaican headphones no I was
saying Pokemon sure who's that Pokemon
yeah sure yeah anyways um do any Pokemon
have M at the end of the name Squirtle
Monon anyways uh they look like smokemon
SM I don't know too early um that's a
that's a good reference um the Cucumber
thing about how it's good for you or
whatever yeah yeah I don't know why I
remember that jam they look like they
look like I can't take credit for that I
can't take credit for that that goes to
sinful hands and FL plane
chat um they they look like uh
Sennheiser Headphones I'm guessing based
on the band that they're
like uh 600s check under your table
right now it was wrong last time I I
don't know dude I don't know they're
sisers they're not 600s they're HD 560s
both open back headphones uh nice both
of these items are going to be included
in bundles that are on sale throughout
the entire event or until we run out
which is probably more likely but
there's a third item on the left good
gravy this is taking forever Corsair K65
Corsair K65 did you look at the dock no
okay uh open it looks like it has a 10
it doesn't open the LT backpack that is
here between us Luke
wow nope it's the K7 k70 core tkl with
Corsair I thought it said milks and I
was like really uh mlx red smooth linear
switches a $120 keyboard that will be
included in a bundle at no extra cost
along with one more thing but this
bundle is going to be dropping on a
random day throughout the week so I'd
really recommend you sign up for email
notifications at lmg g/ bfcm to have the
best chance at securing one so I was I
was five switches off yeah yeah good
right brand though you can kind of tell
from the silhouette that it's a Corsair
keyboard yeah okay so we made our way
through that eventually um
also what are those what are those for
the announcement left hand for the
announcement right hand uh okay so
lineus cam oh but hold on I'm going to
figure this out uh our collaborative
wrist rest with Delta Hub is back in
stock and this time the leftand variants
are available too they sold out quickly
during the first run and this time you
can get early access to their Black
Friday sale you can get 15% off by going
through our Link in the video
description and finally oh this is an
announcement but has nothing to do with
the store ovhcloud Summit
2024 why is it that Luke has a go bag
with him right now not because the world
has ended
yet uh but coming up on November 28th
Luke will be live in excuse me live a uh
hosting this year's ovh Cloud Summit
live event yes there will be great
discussions around cloud computing AI
machine learning and more and it'll be
hosted on their twitch and X links which
we will have in the video description
where you guys can find out more that is
actually super cool I said 15% 15 um
should genuinely actually should be
pretty fun I've seen the lineup of of
people that I'll be interviewing I I'm
actually genuinely so are you like a
media personality again or like what
what what do you even I guess who who
are you I don't know what exactly is it
that you do not sure to be honest okay
cool just stuff whatever comes up
prominent guy they should just ask for
that to be your little like tag that
would be pretty funny cuz no like
Honestly though I don't know like I do
this thing yeah you're like a you're a
renaissance man podcaster development
team lead um lab thing yeah bird
enthusiast I don't know there's all
there's all kinds of like uh
infrastructure enjoyer historically
great lover of chicken chicken
specifically chicken he loves chicken
yes he just really loves it chicken's
very effective that's what he loves
about it it's the most effective bird
mhm yep uh 100% hit rate on chicken why
the chicken cross the road to get away
from
Luke you have no idea how many chickens
have sacrificed themselves for my
mediocre
physique um that's a stolen joke but
anyways um yeah but I I I think it's
actually going to be really fun I'm
excited for that so okay tune in cool
what what else are we even what are we
supposed to be talking about today Dan
can you please get this show back on the
rails I've been trying are you still are
you done with the announcements I don't
know am I I'll read the dock for you
then let's see yeah let looks about
right then let's do some merch messages
okay sure merch messages so you head on
the store you uh add something to your
card a box pops up you leave a merch
message we think it's better than super
chats or twitch bits because hey uh if
we get to your message great or Dan can
pop it up down here or reply to it or
forward it to someone internally to get
you an answer well you know we're we're
going to do our best to acknowledge
imerse message but if we don't then hey
well there's always uh you know getting
some high quality merchandise in the
mail yeah all right cool so anyway uh
merch messages hit me
show us how it works Dan sure uh let's
see up here first is from Zachary how
much is Google to blame for people
getting scammed Facebook and Instagram
don't have customer support but if you
Google it a bunch of scam results appear
should customer support be
mandatory so I think this is more of an
issue with uh like Facebook not having
customers be an incredible amount of
free products that would instantly cease
to exist
oh man be clear yeah so okay so
basically what you're saying is that
Google is returning search results that
are invalid and that are scams when
people are trying to contact Facebook
and Instagram support okay so so step
number one is yes a customer help option
of some sort should absolutely be
mandatory for any business and
especially for someone that operates on
the order that Facebook does like if we
can afford to have customer support
Facebook can afford to have customer
support So any free service has to have
customer support well dude nothing's
free it's not free so there's that
Facebook you're absolutely paying for
you pay in your data and if it wasn't
profitable they wouldn't be doing it if
that became a law genuinely a lot of
services would instantly shut down if
they had to have customer support yeah
well hold on a second because I'm not
saying every service like if there's
some some like
backend project or something that we
have implementation for on our website
or something like that I I think if you
are consumer facing maybe maybe I should
call it consumer support then if you are
enduser
facing give me an example of someone who
shouldn't have to have end user support
for their product straw pole straw pole
is straw pole even a
company uh I don't
know and like realistically I pulled
that up of a top of my head okay hold on
a second you uh do they have support
watch them have support hold on a second
what the what the devil is you contact
theming type form and why do they have
straw pool
straw straw straw P easiest pull Creator
ever that only okay well apparently
there's competition in the create a
quick create a quick pole space Also
hold on a second they have support
they totally have support I just
confirmed it on mine contact us support
email they they have a they have a
pricing structure now though so I did I
wasn't aware of try again sir I don't
know give me an example of something
that shouldn't have support everything
should have support because how else are
you going to get customer
feedback literally if we didn't have LTT
store support how would we ever
improve yeah but that's a store that's
like a that's a very different situation
okay fine if we didn't have FL plane
support how would we improve float plane
is a pay to access service everything is
paid though everything's paid you pay
with your attention looking at ads you
pay with your personal information you
pay with your credit card you pay for
everything everything's paid so I not
there's no free
lunch yeah I can't think of examples
right now small Linux
dros uh Linux support for Linux dros I
think there are some like support forums
would that count I think that support
Forum count stck overflow um you know
what no I well H see here's my problem
because I think in the case of something
like a like a Linux drro I I actually
would say that yeah I think that I think
that counts I think that's valid right
if it's a community created community
supported product then I think it can be
yeah then it can be community supported
Community created can be community
supported but the fact that Microsoft
for example has that I forget what it's
called like Microsoft answers or like
what's it called give give me a second
I'll get there so the fact that
Microsoft relies on community
contributors to answer support inquiries
for freaking Windows yeah it's
ridiculous is actually comical and
actually very annoying to be honest like
actually comical because it basically
just gives them a shield to put in front
of themselves to not have to fix things
that are problems if they were if they
were actually accountable if if they had
to pay if they had to pay billable hours
to employees or contractors to sit and
explain to people why freaking search
doesn't work if that was actually on
their
books we might get a different response
from them about it maybe they might
actually fix it or it would just be
canned responses being because
eventually
eventually like someone would look at it
and go H it might actually be cheaper to
just develop a fix to this oh they just
script A can response everybody and not
actually deal with them turn it AI um
but yeah what about this what about it
that's a that's a forum where's support
uh you hold on no no no we have we have
we have you can contact an admin or
moderator we literally have that I'm
going to find it I'm going to find it
smart guy it's not official support
though so well hold on
staff okay line is
Tech and I'm not logged in but you can
literally send me a message but that's
not support no it's not but hold on hold
on hold on okay by the way don't bother
because I don't reply to them anymore
but um no no I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure there's uh I'm pretty sure there's
stuff hold on I'm going to find it he
hasn't found it yet Forum support we'll
find it event there we go there it's
right there we totally have support now
I knew we had support smart guy we 100%
do you know why we have that support
though because you should have support
no for gdpr forget me
requests uh sort of actually but it's
because we we did sales through the form
okay but we would need it anyway and we
would totally have it
anyway no I I I'm not you know what I'm
going to die on this
hill every service that is customer
facing consumer facing and anyone who
pays you in any way whether it's with
their blood or
their DNA freaking collection companies
man 23 implosion is terrifying if you're
not terrified of that you should be
terrified of that even if you never sent
your genetic information to them if
anyone even kind of related to you did
you could be like that whole thing sucks
and I'm super angry about it still I'm
probably screwed and just don't know
you're actually screwed and do know um
what was I going to say would you would
you accept some form of threshold of
like revenue for the company or
something like that like there's a lot
of laws like flow planes protected by
amount of these where if if you're if
you're below a certain amount of Revenue
certain laws don't take place yet I
think as long as we also account for
well we have like very little Revenue
but we do have a casual like N9 billion
dollar in seed funding like I I think I
think basically once a once a certain
amount of money is flowing in some way
I'm done with that you should support
the product so once you either have a
certain amount of Revenue or have raised
a certain amount of dollars um I'd be
completely fine with that I just think I
I think this has there there's a lot of
these types of laws that I see come in
that to a certain degree seem designed
to benefit big
players and like some some random little
Forum or some random little thing here
or there that like you know maybe they
do make money off of it um I would they
probably actually do have support team
boo suggests that another threshold
could be users and I I think that's
valid that's an interesting
one um there's a contact is there
actually a support though wow this
website is
rough um I just went to paint.net
oh yeah good old paint.net the email is
not for technical support or
troubleshooting there's a forum linked
below there's an example yep there's
just a support Forum please ask our
Forum but isn't isn't paint.net uh like
open source
there's a donate
button yeah but that's uh I I again you
said any Sider service no what I said is
that it if if it is community created
then it can be community supported so I
said the Forum is valid for that okay
okay I don't remember that bit but I
believe you I was probably thinking
about something else oh okay chicken
probably I haven't eaten today so maybe
maybe um yeah I don't know I think if
there was some amount of yeah either a
user count or a revenue count
or freeware not open source sorry sorry
and and yes this is a really good point
vng Supernova says open source doesn't
mean Community created um that's also
very true actually it often means
limited amount of contributors because
uh because I don't know either there
often isn't that many contributors or
it's people that just want credit for
job applications um uh hex do says no
chance with Elon as part of the next us
Administration doesn't Tesla even have
PR anymore they don't have PR but what
they do have is customer support they
actually they they do have support if
you are an individual end user you can
100% contact Tesla but whatever issue
you're having with your model whatever
um so let's just let you know look I'm
not a fan of a lot of stuff that he's
done especially over the last few years
there seems to be kind of this
weird kind of turn that he's taken uh
but let's let's not uh let's not make
things up right
um yeah migu says Elon is their PR
department For Better or For Worse that
is a true statement uh let's maybe move
on to I've yeah I've got to get out of
here in like 40 minutes oh do you okay
uh let's move on to our sponsors then
cool what has this show even been about
so far we're going to have to get
through some topics at some point only
Google only Google it's the Google show
good job guys um the show is brought to
you today by notion if you want the
power of f Thanos in the office check
out our sponsor notion just like
thanos's Gauntlet brings all the
Infinity Stones together notion keeps
your notes docs and projects in one
place you can even view all your files
directly on the platform and keep
everything synced up with storage
services like Dropbox or Google Drive
and to make it easier to find your files
their AI connectors feature designed to
enhance searching capabilities is now in
beta speaking of AI their new notion AI
is a single AI tool that does it all
search across notion and other apps
generate docs in your own style analyze
PDFs and images and chat with you about
anything sorry can analyze PDFs and
images and chat with you about anything
it's powered by chat GPT 4 and Claude
and to protect your privacy their AI
partners are contractually prohibited
from using your data to train their
models it's super easy to use and notion
helps you save time by letting you focus
on what really matters try notion for
free when you go to notion.com slw
that's all lowercase letters notion.com
slw to try the powerful easy to ous
notion the show is also brought to you
by vessie is the holiday season
squeezing your wallet dry don't worry
with our sponsor vessie um the only
thing that should stay dry this Black
Friday season is your socks with up to
40% off on select shoes you can step
into the season with Comfort style and
savings if you don't know vessie they
offer all kinds of stylish functional
shoes for everyday wear uh sorry I'm
deviating from my talking points a
little bit here I had no idea they had a
store in metrot town yeah yeah like a
physical store I hadn't been to metr
town in like 8 years I haven't seen it
cuz I haven't been there since they open
the store but I just know that cool uh
our team loves their vessies because
here in Vancouver the weather is always
so unpredictable I actually hate this
talking point uh because the weather in
Vancouver is not unpredictable it's
extremely predictable it
rains which doesn't change the fact that
vessis are good for it it just is very
predictable their new Courtside Classics
bring that Sport and retro everyday look
with a padded tongue for extra Comfort
or if you're more of a wild adventure
their storm burst high tops combine the
comfort of a sneaker with the grip and
coverage of an outdoor boot so step into
water resistant comfort with vess's
Black Friday sale where you can enjoy up
to 40% off
select what they say are waterproof
Styles at vy.com and my my hesitation
there guys my hesitation there is that I
have a belief this is a core belief of
mine that nothing is waterproof if water
can can carve can carve chasms into the
face of the Earth then it can with
enough time um break down just about
anything so water is patient so that
that's that's my only thing I don't call
anything waterproof um finally the show
is brought to you by server part
deals oh okay I know about dropping
things but I'm not the only one
sometimes your package might be dropped
even harder by The Courier imagine if
your wife's anniversary gift is in that
box or even worse your hard drive our
sponsor server partner deals thought
about that they sell recertified
refurbished and new hard drives and have
a growing collection of Enterprise ssds
to avoid that kind of tragedy they offer
some of the best packaging in the
industry they've custom designed both
their individual and bulk packaging and
offer free 2-day shipping and it says
show the packaging on camera for a
better environment this container was
not bleached white I know okay very cool
and what am I about to find
wa and we've got some boes the cushions
in this box are manufactured from 100%
postc consumer recycled plastic cool oh
that's nice uh it genuinely looks very
cushioned wow that is a yeah that a firm
cushion oh okay oh neat yeah this is
different from what I've seen before so
you kind of go like this and then your
hard drive comes out and that's a casual
24 tbte Seagate exos in
there very cool is that one of ours uh
oh yeah look we've inventoried it that
might be for mother Vault please don't
drop that one oh okay although if it was
in the packaging it wouldn't matter
right so what you're saying is that I
should drop it but I should just put it
back in here first right Dan yeah that's
probably from one of the VDS is Liv so
if we lose that drive we'll lose the
entirety of the mother Vault what really
no we like to live dangerously no
there's no way that's true stop it
silvering takes 8
days we wouldn't we no we wouldn't do
that yeah okay Dan but I bet but I'm
sure you could so many levels why would
that have been done yeah anyway
um uh they test every single Drive they
sell even manufacturer recertified
drives go through read WR speed testing
and sector scanning and they have their
smart data checked for bad and
reallocated sectors they have many
manufacturer recertified drives that are
only a fraction of the price of brand
new ones while still delivering reliable
performance if you need help their
customer service
Luke is not outsourced and can be store
and can be reached through live chat or
calls check out server part deals at
serverpartdeals.com
LTT and use code LTT to get 5% off on
any order which might not sound like a
super deep discount code but guys you
got to understand this is a very very
different Slimmer business model than a
lot of other um
you know services and products online
that literally will have like 25 30
points baked into them so that they can
offer a discount um yeah that 5% off on
hard drives is like good so uh go for it
I'm also told that they actually sent us
that hard drive too oh okay they sent
the hard drive okay hey thanks oh so
that's just like legitimately exactly
how it was packaged because they yeah
that's how it was sented that makes
sense and then we owned it which
destroyed the entire bit but okay neat
okay um I want to talk about
this the topic is y'all don't seem to
want actual Tech tips yeah I uh I saw
this did you did you did you check out
the video I checked out the video um
there was also if I remember correctly
there was actually a Reddit thread
talking about how good parts of the
video
were even though the person recognized I
I think it was about this video I don't
remember I'm I'm I didn't know this was
going to be a topic in the doc so I
didn't prep for this um how good parts
of the video were even though they're
usually just interested in the
entertainment parts of the video they
saw how it was like connected to real
world things they like wow this is
really cool and I was like yeah so we
did a video this week that has changed
titles a couple times because it's
performing trying to make it work
terribly and basically it was it was me
and Elijah and I got to give some credit
to plof who was actually the one who did
the Facebook Marketplace dump diving
before uh the project got passed to
Elijah to get it across the Finish Line
um and but right now it's called I built
an insane surround sound setup for under
$250 and the original title focused on
um building a a home an entire home
theater for less than the price of the
the most popular soundar and I don't
know if the Bose TV speaker is the most
popular soundar today but it was the
last time we did why is everybody buying
this uh this Soundbar it was it was the
most popular Soundbar on I believe
Amazon was the platform that we were
using for that series at that time and
the amount of criticism for this video
slash the extremely low performance of
this video has been a little
demoralizing for me to be perfectly
honest with you I've seen a lot of
people that are kind of dunking on it
for being you know another another
Facebook Marketplace video um I've seen
a fair number of people dunking on it
because we're comp comparing against a
new soundar instead of comparing against
a secondhand Soundbar so they see it as
kind of like an unfair fight um I've
seen quite a few people say that um you
know the odds of them being able to find
the exact parts that we're using are
basically zero therefore this is not
applicable to anybody and I got to say
guys I I don't know I I I don't know I
don't know how to deal I don't know how
to deal with that and if the video was
performing great like if it was getting
a ton of views um then it would be fine
but I guess what I'm trying to say is
like I'm looking at this going like real
Tech tips might not be sustainable like
if this Tye if people are what did I do
what can I do differently I guess is
what I'm asking because like to to your
like what you said is is exactly right
like that's that's not the point the
point is not finding the exact AV
receiver that we did yeah the point is
the journey did did you watch the video
by any
chance it wasn't this one I watched a
different one so basically what we what
we did was we we got a few different
options we started land Center audio one
got it uh we started with an old home
theater in the Box um so it was it was a
number of years old and it was probably
around 500 bucks when it was new but it
was like 40 bucks today which
realistically for those kind of
lowquality semi-
proprietary um surround
Solutions probably more like it um they
they tend to be a little bit overpriced
at MSRP but if you can get them on
clearance they can actually be a pretty
great deal um so we started with one of
those and showed that even for $40 on
like a Marketplace site like Craigslist
or Facebook Marketplace we could
absolutely obliterate this thing we we
were unflinching in our acknowledgement
of the the inconvenience and and the
wiring mess um that was another thing
man I saw people like defending Soundbar
super hard for the ease of use and I'm
like guys we we acknowledged that so
directly that I I just
um I I just I don't know uh I don't I
don't know how I don't know how we can
acknowledge it more uh we we stepped it
up by upgrading our left and rights so
that you know particularly for watching
anything with music in it which is like
all content uh we could get a a bit
better of a of a soundtrack experience
uh we upgraded our amplifier or maybe we
upgraded the amp fire before we changed
the speed whatever we but we got a cheap
AVR um and with the intention not of
using it for video switching because you
can't use an older one for video
switching if you want to run like a you
know a modern 4K display or whatever the
case may be so we got an old amp and old
amps like they they're they're still
great amplifiers if you buy something
that was decent 10 years ago 15 years
ago you can still get a really nice
amplifier um and then you just don't run
your video through it which for most
people is fine because your TV is
probably going to have anywhere from two
on the very very low end to four inputs
anyway so you just run everything
through there and then uh we added a
subwoofer and then we added some cheap
towers that we got and the final
configuration was probably around
$240 compared to the Bose TV speaker
which is
$250 um and our our point was just and
and there were so many Tech tips along
the way I guess is what I'm trying to
get to here sort of talking about
speaker impedance best practices uh
talking about uh what you can do if you
don't have EC support on your receiver
so talking about uh Optical connections
and the and the good things about it and
the limitations of it um
and I uh I think honestly past a certain
view count there just isn't really room
for it um maybe I'm being too Doomer
about this I would like to think that
I'm being too Doomer about this but I I
don't necessarily think I am I think a
pretty good example of this of is maybe
Michael Reeves when you look at some of
Michael Reeves videos if I remember
correctly
um his very early videos he talked more
about the programming that was involved
and showed more of it and these days
it's usually like a comical Montage
where sections of the code like fly past
the screen uh like it's it's it's
different people don't
actually care I know there was there was
like if you think about old YouTube
there was a lot of videos that were like
tutorials on how to do
something and then the people that were
making the tutorials on how to do
something videos realized that no one
was actually doing
it they were just watching them for the
content so they tried to push
entertainment and it started leaving the
actual tutorial space there's some
really good Insight in float plane chat
um like some people are saying yeah I
really liked it to be clear I mean
900,000 plus people watched it and like
the like dislike ratio is fine like it's
not like people are hating on it I'm
just trying to figure out how to make
like like someone someone here said uh
where where's their comment um maybe it
was just not that great of a video um
can we just move on well no no no no no
no no the point is like I'm trying to
figure out how to make this more
accessible because I want people to save
money like that's why that's why we do
this in the that's why we started doing
this in the first place right is is
bringing the people Tech tips and we
want to do it in in an entertaining way
but but we want we want to we want to
like help um so I so so I'm I'm trying
to like figure this out um why does
being critical of the content uh me and
the video was bad well okay no no
there's hold on there's there's some
there's some really good there's some
really good comments uh on it so some
people are saying in my area uh
Marketplace especially for this kind of
stuff is kind of terrible I sometimes
have to travel a couple hours for a deal
on gaming computers yeah well that
that's a thing like that's a thing here
too yeah and and we but we acknowledge
the time spent in it and I think that
like that mindset of like sort of
bargain hunting is uh is what we're
trying to get across so maybe that's
something that we need to acknowledge
more directly is like hey this has a
cost in time like do you think that's
something that would help
maybe
um
um I don't know was that not explained
uh come bets and Bulls and says I found
it a bit hard to get what the point of
the video was I felt like it was a
little bit all over the place so maybe
it's something where we need a bit of a
better summary or we a couple other
comments like that we need more like
visuals to kind of drive it along uh
Baga I think probably has the best
comment I've seen on it so far I bet the
same video would have blown up if you'd
done 5 versus 50 versus 500 home theater
speaker set up and that is that is that
is probably the best maybe we just
should uh maybe we should maybe we
should revisit it and like keep that
same stuff get a $5 option we've already
got our $50 option we upgrade our our
$250 option a little bit we take it to
500 bucks we get a $5,000 option and
then we like contact some we contact
Clips or something and we like borrow
yeah we borrow like a
$50,000 option and then we just we do we
do it again um whatever Postman says as
an AV professional I really enjoyed the
video and the journey I guess maybe
that's maybe that's the thing is maybe
maybe the journey is too hard to follow
along maybe like simplifying the format
to like 5 versus 50 versus 500 is is the
way to go I did see a fair amount of
comments on like maybe there should have
been a a better explainer at the
beginning uh because I didn't understand
what the what the video was about Tesco
says you called everyone out for making
the worst choice you made your audience
butt hurt I in this tweet and don't like
it that's probably a good point too like
are we so then is part of this that
people are watching Tech tips just to be
just to know their choice was validated
as opposed to we've known that
forever that has been true I can know
something I can know something
cognitively without fully we legit
talked about that being willing to
accept it at
NC that makes me sad though yeah I know
but why aren't we allowed to say hey
this thing that's super popular is not
that great like man do you remember when
probably about like 9 years ago athm 50s
these garbage headphones like popped off
in popularity because of some some like
I don't know they they got a lot of
attention let's just say they got a lot
of attention for a little while and you
and I were both kind of sitting there
going like what what like people buy
these because they're disposable rubbish
that's why they use them in the studio
not cuz they're good what is happening
right now um and I I do genuinely think
if we had come out and made a video when
that Trend took off that was like the
ATM 50s are not very good and people
need to stop buying them we probably
would have just gotten destroyed I think
it's one of the two you
either are right after or are the turn
of the tide or you get slaughtered one
of the two if you're the turn of the
tide then your video is going to explode
but if people aren't ready for it yet so
you're not the turn of the tide then
they'll just crap on you Isaac V says it
was hard to follow you scrambled a lot
of parts and I didn't really get what
was happening um by the way I would like
a lot more technical details and what
they're about okay but so those two
things are definitely not going to work
together um a ton more technical details
is uh is going to make it a little
harder to follow I can I can I can
promise you that but I do agree that
kind of like in the last scrapyard Wars
where we we went back we basically sent
the edit back to the kitchen you never
saw the original edit I sent the edit
back to the kitchen I said look you guys
take however much time you need and make
sure that we have these onscreen visuals
that make it really clear what parts we
have now what we've added what we're
subtracting who we're negotiating with
and and where the money stands and even
then one prominent viewer couldn't
figure out that I was never at a
negative balance
so yes you were that's in spite of our
best efforts in spite of our best
efforts yes you were schwifty says I
totally watch reviews for things I've
already bought and that's that sort of
validates your validation seeking I do
sometimes too but it's not necessarily
it's like kind of to see where it's at
if that makes sense um and there's
there's products where like you
know I'll I'll do some research on it
I'll buy it I'll try it out I'm
like yeah like it's it's working but you
know it's not 100% and then I'll see
some new product comes out it'll get
compared against that new product and
then I'll be like ah yeah okay I
probably should have waited this isn't
great like I I allow my opinion to be
changed um or honestly I'll sometimes
buy something someone will review it
against something else and say that it's
crap versus the thing that they like and
I'll be like yeah I just don't agree but
like that's fine Tim says there was a
bit of difficulty when you were between
the two systems like you had the center
channel from this one but the receiver
from another one I had a bit of
difficulty knowing where the value was
halfway through but it all kind of came
together at the end and I think that is
probably another like gold star good
comment um because hard TR I still make
videos with the intention that people
watch the whole thing I know better than
that yeah yeah you almost have to make
like multiple videos you almost yeah you
need to have like the the payoff payoff
payoff payoff and it kind of It kind of
K 20% viewer video the 40% viewer video
the 60% viewer video you can never have
like where's he going with this um it
always just has to be very clear and
that's something that is easy for me to
forget because I always kind of hard to
write for I imagine um yes and no I mean
that that five versus 50 versus 500
format that kind of flows yeah sure so
yeah I guess you kind of have to
shoehorn into a format that works for it
or it might be more difficult to write
for I suspect that's the case um sock
hadab says the established tiar seemed
to borrow stuff from the others a bit
too much which made it harder to follow
for some reason yep I think that's I
think that's very fair uh In fairness to
me I didn't Source the stuff and so I
didn't know exactly how it was all going
to go together um so I was kind of I was
kind of working with um with what I had
but it it's that's really that's really
valid and I think that's something that
I and the like the content team could
have worked on ahead of time to make it
more accessible by having like a a well
understood format I think that's what it
basically boils down to is we could have
done a better job visually of showing
exactly what it was we were doing and
having a better established format
wouldn't hurt I also think that some
people kind of got fixated on details
that didn't matter I saw I saw some
people talking about how well I don't
even have a home theater room and it's
like well no that's that's not the point
we're shooting in here because it's
really convenient um but you could do
this anywhere and and I think a lot of
people kind of missed that
um oh okay yeah yeah I'm looking into
booking a ride right now Lieutenant
salty the video was important too many
people have crappy sound bars and have
no idea what they're missing yeah I mean
that was why we did it I thought it was
a really important video um mantisa says
are you just focusing too much on a loud
minority no because the whole point of
this is is that last thing that I just
read so many people have the wrong thing
and like need to hear this and it might
not work for everybody not everybody has
the space not everybody has the wife
acceptance Factor to to be able to you
know put a bunch of random speakers they
found on Craigs List in in their living
space right like it's not going to be
applicable to everyone but I do think
that before you make that decision you
should be well informed that's it I want
people to make informed decisions and
that was why we made that video like if
you're interested in Tech like
like if you're interested in Tech if you
don't have a TV even I think it can
still be an interesting Journey to see
what someone would do to set up that
type of a system yeah because surely you
might have friends and you want to you
want to be the knowledgeable Tech in
your group I assume right like
I'm I think so
right okay all right why don't we jump
into our next topic traffic's looking
good I can leave slightly
later why we weren't able to say more oh
all right great let's do a let's do
another topic like that hooray um so a
lot of people last week were upset
frustrated disappointed that we weren't
able to say more about the channel
hiatuses last week and there are two
main reasons uh number one is that it's
the law um and and it's funny I ended up
kind of in exchanges with a couple of
people where I I said that and they were
like yah but and I was like no there is
no yah but yeah it is just the law
certain things it's it's completely
inflexible I cannot disclose literally
anything about someone else's personal
life including their employment status I
was just going to say and and to be
honest for good reason sometimes it
would be nice if you could but the the
law should exist and that's number two
because it's like the right thing to do
um like let's say let's say
hypothetically that you were no longer
at your job tomorrow whether you quit or
you were laid off or you were fired sort
of immaterial um during your exit
interview the HR manager asks you hey do
you mind if we talk about the
circumstances on our
podcast you would think they lost their
fuing
minds right but that is what a a not
insignificant number of people were
asking me to do to be fair about me in
particular I wouldn't necessarily think
that but it would still be the law yes
um and it doesn't matter how much anyone
externally feels like they're entitled
to it they're not yeah they're not
entitled to it 100% um I saw some
suggestions that we just provide
information about the folks that we're
parting amicably with for example nope
well we always try to part amicably but
it's not always possible and the issue
there is that if we acknowledge some
folks and not others it's pretty easy to
do the the math um simple deductive
logic and then uh and then the
conjecture starts right we used to talk
about stuff way more like we'd bring
people onto the podcast on their last
day or like Nick van burkel for example
is an example he for example is an
example yeah he he made like a like a
farewell video on channel super fun um
but what we've realized over time is
that it's not a sustainable practice
because as soon as there isn't a
farewell video or an announcement or
whatever the case may be um people start
speculating and the and the the rumor
mill spins so much faster than we can
possibly respond to any of it
um I also saw some folks that were
asking for way more detail about the
business decision side of
things again though let's put yourself
in their shoes okay Luke you are no
longer working on a project okay and
someone else who has a way louder
megaphone than you goes and talks about
whatever it is that led for your project
to be shelved or canceled or whatever
else you think do you think that would
reflect on you a little bit possibly
maybe yes it could it could affect uh
future employment
potential um it it would it would be a
blow to morale immediately for sure I
would be frustrated about that because
like there's almost no way that they're
going to say everything and there's no
way that we're going to
say like we if something got
cancelled right almost certainly there
was something that went wrong with it at
some point in some way uh or right so so
if I were to say like hey um we're going
to talk about all of the uh completely
unsustainable practices at float plane
that led for it to be sheld nice you're
going to be like excuse me yeah um and
and then and then right it creates this
like this this background
drama um well you were supposed to be
the business arm exactly exactly which
you know
is valid um also float plane is not
unsustainable the reason we're using
Luke as an example and the reason we're
using his project as an example is just
illustrative it's to show you guys why
these conversations don't take place in
public and shouldn't and just because
we've made mistakes in the past doesn't
mean that we should just continue to
make
them in the name of like what morbid
curiosity like that's not that's not a
good reason um so I'm really sorry to
have disappointed some of you um looking
at the comments from last week's W show
quite a few members of our community
were extremely upset and I think that a
big part of that is on me I I should
have explained this in more detail um I
I do this thing sometimes where I think
that stuff is sort of
self-evident um and and it's not because
people live in all kinds of different
places around the world where where laws
and and norms are different um people
come from all different walks of life uh
people have their own value systems um
so to me this one was obvious based on
all the experience that I've had doing
it the other way and seeing what an
absolute cluster it is um you guys
don't have that experience so you didn't
know um this isn't a choice that helps I
don't benefit from not offering
explanations or justifications for the
actions of our team or our company that
that doesn't help me when the rumor mill
swirls because I can't give additional
details about something I don't benefit
guys um but it is a choice that is
designed not for my benefit not for your
benefit it's designed to minimize the
impact on our team members both current
and former don't expect this policy to
be altered going forward because you'd
be
wrong cool good chat yeah do you want to
talk about uh full screen ads for
co-pilot plus PCS on Windows 10 so sick
this is pretty cool Microsoft is
aggressively prompting Windows 10 users
to upgrade employing fullcreen ads that
highlight Windows 11 features
particularly those on co-pilot plus PCS
these ads coincide with the approaching
end of free security updates for Windows
10 in October 2025 while an extended
security update or ESU program exists
for a fee the ads predominantly push new
pc purchases this aggressive marketing
tactic isn't new for Microsoft they've
used similar methods for past OS
upgrades um sometimes just forcing them
on you anyways um and users can still
upgrade to Windows 11 directly on
compatible PCS as an
alternative discussion question is
where's the limit every mainstream
non-linux operating system and even some
of the Linux based ones would fall under
the definition of adware at this point
uh yeah yeah definitely where's my
iPhone here hold on I haven't used Mac
OS do they have ads baked into Mac OS I
have I have literally check this out
hold on hold on hold on give me used Mac
but not actively give me a sec check
this out I didn't notice any uh I have I
I have left them because I I wanted to I
wanted to remember how many there were I
have mac doesn't have ads so that's not
that's not correct I have three Mac OS
never prompts you to like buy iCloud are
you sure uh no what I'm saying okay fair
enough what I'm saying is that uh
Windows has other ads well BS in ads
from
everybody it's not even just their own
stuff yeah I I'm sorry but I don't I
don't I don't have I don't think there's
I don't draw a distinction that's fair
enough um okay so uh so on iOS right now
my Apple account suggestions I have
three persistent notifications in my
settings app for this um my iPhone's not
backed up okay that's valid however my
second notification is your iPhone can't
be backed up upgrade for a129 a
month and then my third notification is
some iCloud data isn't syncing which
again is related to me not having enough
storage with they which they have kindly
offered to solve for me for money um and
then I have I mean that is how that
would work I have three well no they
could allow me to quickly back up to my
Nas or my computer remember can you do
that in another way with third party app
back I mean maybe but I don't have I
don't have an ad from Apple about that
Apple doesn't notify me that that's a
possibility uh so is this in your
settings thing or yeah I don't know it's
right it's in my well no I I got
notifications for them at some point
okay oh yeah and then I have uh I have
three notifications for services
included with
purchase let's see what do I have I get
Apple TV free for three months uh I get
Apple news the purchase of the phone
yeah but of course I'm going to have to
sign up for a subscription that is going
to that's a very generous 3 months thank
you very much for after my you know
$1,100 or $1,200 phone or whatever this
is um but uh I'm I'm going to end up I'm
going to end up with subscriptions at
some point um yeah oh people are really
mad about you uh I bet about you
thinking that like they shouldn't offer
or okay hold on hold on hold on okay
guys no no no I am not I am not
necessarily saying that Apple should be
oh no I think I I yeah I think they
should be be forced to to present me
with
with a with an with an alternative
option no actually no I do you know what
I do think that uh one person's just
particularly mad because Apple's limit
has been five gigs basically forever and
they've done that intentionally knowing
that you're going to have to buy yeah
but they don't have to provide that no
but I think the thing I think the thing
that is bad is that they they don't give
me a free alternative if they're going
to give you a native notification yes
and not give a free alternative that's
pretty annoying if it's just in your
settings thing and it's like hey you
could do this that's not too big of a
deal to me personally but giving you
notifications yeah breaks that line
especially because they used to you used
to be able to quickly and easily just
plug a cable into your computer and back
up to iTunes yeah yeah but no they want
you to buy cloud storage now um people
are saying you can back up your phone
over USB still so I guess the
frustrating thing is just that they
aren't presenting that oh apparently
Apple's being sued over this in the UK
oh that's hilarious okay so I was
uh yeah you can still use iTunes so
that's good they just don't tell you so
back to what I said in the beginning I
think they should present you with the
free option yeah cool rather than just
saying hey oh no oh my God your iPhone's
not backed
up buy storage buy cloud storage from us
mhm wow good guy UK good
job well that's a valid reason to want
uh usb3 on the iPhone I actually didn't
really think about that when we uh when
we talked about the um the original
implementation of USBC on the iPhone 15
family I didn't think about faster
backups with the pro versions that have
uh I believe it's 5 gigabit per second
right is it five or 10 I think it's five
pixel pixel bugs you to buy drive
storage um but one kind of point that I
will give to them and I don't know if
iOS does this is it will also suggest
that you like delete old photos that it
thinks are like just of garbage um if
it's like like a parking location or
something that you like it doesn't think
you need anymore it'll be like hey you
can get rid of all this stuff or like
hey you haven't opened this app in like
a year you should just uninstall it like
it'll give you suggestions on reducing
your the amount of data that you have
which I think is kind of neat but they
do try to push you to buy more D Kumo
star in float plane chat made a really
good point what's really ridiculous is
they've had time time machine on Mac OS
for like a bazillion years and didn't
ever let you do that on the iPhone there
is absolutely no reason from like an
ecosystem user experience standpoint
that I shouldn't be able to just arrive
at home and my iPhone shouldn't just
Wi-Fi sync to my time machine that I
literally already have because I
literally already have a Mac apparently
Apple does that too I don't know I I
don't use iOS I wasn't saying in
contrast to Apple I was just saying that
I do like that they do that yeah to be
clear we started this segment with like
every mainstream operating system is
functionally adwar now yeah um and it's
it's really frustrating apparently you
can Wi-Fi sync to iTunes well why not
like why not time
machine is there a reason to not be able
to do that to my Nas that supports time
machine I don't know man I
just it just it doesn't seem it doesn't
seem intuitive no one's fighting that
deep
deep blue says Luke why does the pixel
not prompt me to add a different cloud
account like Dropbox or next ploud when
I don't have enough drive storage I'm
not I'm not defending Google in in this
isn't this isn't man you start talking
about Android or iOS and people just
immediately um it it's this isn't oh
Wi-Fi syn versus the other is apparently
not
automatic um and Archangel of death says
it would be too convenient of an
alternative to buying more iCloud yes
yes that's that's the whole point that's
what we're trying to say also I don't
want to back up to my desktop PC because
I don't want to have a raid array in my
desktop PC I want to back up to my Nas I
want to use time machine like if I was
an Apple user that is what I would want
I would want it to go to time machine
that would be sick also super time
machine is cool time machine has always
been cool to be honest it is so cool and
it's like it's not even it's one of
those things that's not even like unique
like snapshot based backup tools have
existed for billion years it's good and
it's integrated um um and the only
reason for them to not build a good
integrated thing is so that they can
sell
you their own storage solution their own
cloud storage yeah
um anyway this is super cool this is the
last thing that we really need to talk
about before you go have you seen the
land party house oh I was wondering if
you were going to see this yes I have
what the heck you should like go or
something I would actually love to the
way pretty cool dude the way that this
room folds up dude it's so sick all yeah
you can so so close station to the right
it just looks like the wall and you can
see so the the doors at the bottom
support the desk like oh man this is so
cool incredibly thoughtful DDR panels
under the floor they show someone
actually using them later cool um the
upstairs office we can game here too yep
and there's uh there's keyboard like
what looks like pull out keyboard trays
or no that might just be keyboard
storage I'm not sure cuz this one's just
kind of sitting here like this it's even
better than
that that is so cool flip up monitors
that is wild oh wait yeah yeah yeah wow
so that was literally a keyboard you saw
they just flip it up that is so cool
just extra I I hadn't looked through the
whole thing pre-show cuz I wanted to I
wanted to do it live Cable Management
stealthy stealthy absolutely love it
killer conduit it look at this look at
this they've got actual like cable trays
up in the ceiling just like you have
like a data center call Rooms like
they're in an office look at this that's
so sick look at this this is hilarious
20 identical machines personal desktops
door leads to the hot side oh my
goodness this is so cool dude it's
wicked this is so cool apparently like a
million uh Eads this photo has made a
lot of network Engineers angry oh cuz
they're not using a patch panel response
in the Q&A okay yeah this was a mistake
I'm a software guy yeah fair enough
sounds good got you got you 2 gbit per
second fiber internet this is crazy look
at this can you imagine like working at
the you know the Micro Center yeah when
someone comes in like hey I'll take
everything yeah thank you how many uh
I'd like to I'd like to buy a 4070 how
many yes yeah um that was I guarant to
you that was fun as
hell assembly yeah man dude look at this
space I it's just so it's so enticing
yeah beautiful the house has normal
Parts too yeah love to see
it dude look at this yep cat door leads
into the kids' bedrooms I love it I I
have wanted to do this since before we
moved into our new place like little cat
shelves and stuff on the wall just
haven't gotten around to
it apparently one of their parents is
like um like Works in architectural
design or something sorry Cloud flare oh
no no no no no the oh oh oh I understand
I understand and and and kind of helped
with this and has like designed some
pretty cool stuff got a couple work from
home call Rooms clearly does a good job
cat restrooms like really man seriously
though if I were to design my own house
from scratch I would % do it if you
never have to look at it and smell it
like man cats are like the best pets
ever the worst thing about them is the
litter dude so cool oh it's space under
the stairwells dude I could totally
convert one of those spaces in my place
to uh to a cat
bathro dude the downstairs one
definitely I should do that and the and
the main
stairwell I could totally make a little
door in there and I don't know how
humans would access it but cats
definitely could um couple guest
rooms dude this roof deck like what like
freaking what oh cool amazing um yeah
super super cool project I I would love
to come check it out I'm in I'm inviting
I'm inviting myself to to go to a tour I
mean honestly I think they already did
like a great job of doing a tour of the
place but I still would love to just
check it out and geek out over it yeah
incredible someone one uped my host land
Center oh yeah it's a great title yeah
yeah it's a great title slightly better
than that they also they didn't one up
it they like six up kind of smashed it a
little bit yeah like I didn't even think
about having people just keeps going
they're like oh you thought we had one
land Center no what about second land C
like it's crazy I love it so sick I'm
I'm I'm it's impressive to see anyone
that dedicated to pretty much anything
yeah and because it happens to be
something that I think is super cool and
I'm also into uh it's that much cooler
yeah I think they did an amazing amazing
job of their setup uh do you need to go
you you you're like getting pretty
anxious here so that that's fine get get
out of here okay get out of here uh
after dark you want to finish the topics
what do you want to yeah I'll finish off
the topics and then we could do a couple
merch messages I guess it'll just be me
and you Dan let's see yep that that
there's only a couple I'm so excited for
this Android will apparently finally be
able to instantly log you into your apps
on new devices this has been a huge pain
point for me because I have so many like
accounts and and two factors and
dependencies that I basically cannot use
a phone until probably 3 or 4 hours
after I first start setting it up and
it's annoying because for my job I
switch phones a lot more than probably
most people and I have like I have like
I get like anxiety when I need to switch
phones Google has announced restore
credentials which will allow apps to
seamlessly log users into their accounts
on new Android device after user
restores their apps and data from a
previous device oh if they can do it in
a way that's like secure that's yeah
that's why I started looking at this we
look I'm so excited I just can't hide it
I think this particularly for reviewers
is going to be amazing the user
experience should be as if they had
already been using the new device
receive notifications from apps that
have not yet been opened on the new
device how it works signing into an app
on the old device will create a restore
key which is stored locally and backed
up to the cloud apps can opt out of
cloud backup don't you dare the restore
key is a public key compatible with pass
key2 backends and uses the same serers
side implementation as pass Keys when
setting up the new device the user can
restore data from a cloud backup or
transfer data locally why is Google
doing this is a question here I I I I
don't care I'm not asking that it's
great am I am I does this counter my
rant about Google early in the show not
doing anything this is innovation I am
like this is actually pretty cool so
excited about this okay my ride's going
to be here in 2 minutes I'm going to go
according to the Android developer blog
40% of people in the US reset or replace
their smartphone every year that's a big
one forget even like getting a new phone
the number of device manufacturers where
you're like hey I'm having a problem and
their immediate response is to heart to
reset the phone it's like do you have
any idea how much work homework
you just gave me resetting my phone that
sucks resetting your device
sucks anyway um they say that making the
process of logging back into apps on a
new phone much faster and easier will
help avoid app abandonment and user turn
okay well that part of it I'm not that
into if it's just to like make sure I
keep paying my subscriptions like a good
little boy but
um whatever I still love it
um oh hold on the Android developer blog
apparently the 40% is probably an
overestimate uh our notes Here say
that's probably incorrect various
statistics have it at more like 10 to
20% Max but anyway I'm in that 10 to 20%
and so I'm extremely extremely excited
about this and I I can't overstate how
excited I am about it um our last topic
which I'm less excited about is
Microsoft ignite 2024 there is some good
stuff
um Microsoft announced the Windows
resiliency initiative uh quick machine
recovery allows it admins to remotely
apply fixes to PCS that can't boot so
this is in response to the crowd strike
issue earlier this year um Windows 11
Enterprise now supports hot patching in
public preview no reboot required okay
that is pretty cool administrator
protection standard users can
temporarily gain admin privileges by
authenticating with Windows hello and
more and then next up we've got the
Windows 365 link this is a little less
exciting a $350 Edge PC that only serves
as a client to access a Windows 365
Cloud PC it supports dual 4K monitors
has four USB ports and ethernet port
Wi-Fi 6E and Bluetooth 5.3 and will be
available in April 20125 my only
question
is why does this need to exist in a
world where the Mac Mini also
exists Cloud powered performance the Mac
Mini is a RI and fast PC for yes more
but I would say considering that it is a
full fat like awesome PC for that price
is um a lot more compelling but hey we
we'll see how it goes we'll see how it
goes Microsoft also announced new AI
powered customizable co-pilot agents
that are rolling out in Microsoft 365
AKA office like the facilitator agent
which can take real-time notes during
teams meetings and chats which is in
public preview now uh we use a third
party tool for that so this is actually
kind of useful for us uh interpreter
agent which provides real-time speech to
speech interpretation during meetings
even optionally simulating the user's
voice public preview in early 2025 and
an Employee Self-Service agent which can
answer common policy questions and
facilitate tasks related to HR and
IT okay maybe I'm maybe I'm getting more
excited it was just the uh it was just
the Windows 365 link that I was like um
because Microsoft 365 is all co-pilot
aied Microsoft is adding a little
co-pilot badges to the app icons for
word excel PowerPoint Etc and best of
all they're changing the Microsoft 365
logo
to something pretty similar to the
co-pilot logo but with an
M365
badge this is a terrible
logo
um huh oh wow it says please watch this
10-second clip with audio to hear ignite
attendees enthusiasm for this
change sure you've got some audio
playing some mute something else first
uh yeah I will do that give me one sec I
I I would imagine they're going to sound
about like what I just sounded like
looking at that logo I I had not um I
had not seen that yet and it is not very
good here we go all right 10c clip Dan
should it work yep okay here we go icon
to the new Microsoft 365 Copilot
oh
boy
you
wow o that was the
shortest polite
Applause that I think I have ever heard
at a
keynote
wow uh this last part is actually super
cool also rolling out now now for meta
Quest 3 and 3s users is is the ability
to access a local or cloud-based Windows
instance and interact with multiple
virtual
monitors that's uh that's looking pretty
cool and uh comes at a much lower price
than an apple Vision Pro and a Macbook
so uh I can see people being pretty
stoked on that one as well good gravy
was that ever Savage though wow I I
think I might even even as much as I
don't like it I think I could probably
muster a little bit more fake enthusiasm
than that yikes all right why don't we
switch over to when after dark Mr Dan
besser can do whoa we need to switch the
W show to this time
forever our concurrence on YouTube are
like 15% 20% higher than usual that's
higher than a very high I'm showing 16
oh no there we go everybody stopped
watching uh
yeah yeah yeah we should do that oh man
I don't want to get up early on Fridays
though me too this sucks uh it's
actually 5,000 YouTube is there's an
error uh yeah yeah it's a reporting
error the dashboard is broken um exactly
oh crap okay you know what's funny is we
always did it at the later time
because and I I don't want to make
anyone else feel
unappreciated but we always did it at
the later time because um the
Australian crew was like so into being
able to catch wano and so vocal about it
that we picked the afternoon on Fridays
because it would be um not a work night
for the east coast in North America so
they could kind of stay up and watch it
and it would be uh in the morning for
the Australians to watch and we've just
kind of we just kind of
um we our our European audience was a
lot less vocal and a lot a lot smaller
back then and so we have we have always
been kind of aie uh Aussie accommodating
and maybe it's because I don't know
maybe it's because I kind of think of
Australians as probably one of the
closest cultures to Canada um maybe I
felt like some kinship you know we're
both kind of like they're like sorry but
with spiders yeah we're still kind of
Commonwealth but like you know kind of
King Charles you know like I don't
know we just always kind of seemed we
always kind of seemed on the same page
about things but um
yeah this is wow this is this is a lot
um this is a lot uh a lot higher
viewership than usual I hadn't looked at
the analytics Nei yeah no this is uh
concerning huh outlier um okay yeah
maybe who know well I'm not promising
anything because the work week is very
challenging here in a lot of ways and
I'm often mentally really tired like I
to be clear I don't think that I work a
a hard manual labor job or anything like
that but it can be mentally very
exhausting and uh early morning on my on
my Fridays is not my favorite time to
have to be like on for 2 to four hours
that's another thing too is doing it at
the end of the workday on Friday means
that we can just kind of like not
disturb anybody and we can go for as
long as we need to until yeah we're
blocking like three or four sets right
now we can't do a short circuit nobody
can come in the building we can't do
Tech linked nobody can be
upstairs uh it's why do you keep moving
yourself you're the you're my only
co-host right now D oh yeah I keep
forgetting about that
uh I should try and move the camera over
slightly if I can do that with this
might not be a terrible idea anyway yeah
so okay I didn't consider that so there
definitely won't be any changes anytime
soon but um yeah I'm definitely I'm
definitely liking y'all hanging out with
us that's pretty cool it's kind of
fun all right want to hit me with uh a
handful of merch messages and then I
guess we should get out of people's way
yeah probably uh let's see with graphics
card running hotter and the 490 already
being a 60 mm thick will we eventually
see Tower coolers a standard would you
consider janking one together for a
current or next gen I mean dude
I I I would have a few short years ago I
would have said no that's just a silly
mod that people do and uh we're always
going to need to keep our slots open for
additional addin cards and
then what add-in cards do people even
install anymore what are we supposed to
to like most motherboards like they they
high-end motherboards this is a funny
thing it used to be pisses me off so
much dude remember remember when
high-end motherboards had more PCI slots
yeah I will pay more for extra cuz I
need a lot of PCI cards sometimes yeah
now it's like yeah basic boards
especially like matx matx is one that
drives me absolutely Bonkers because the
high-end ones will remove pcie slots but
they're not even full-size ATX board so
they don't have like five or six m.2
slots on them so I'm sitting here
going what did you do with the lanes why
am I paying extra for this if you're not
putting like a plx chip on it and and
giving me all the slots what what
happened basic matx boards have all the
slots what's happening here um exactly
and so yeah now that this trend of
people only install gpus in their
systems because gpus cost so much we
can't afford other cards just not not
the real
reason but I don't know May might be a
contributor um I don't know I mean what
I will say is that I wouldn't be
surprised if 90 coolers are about the
same size as 490 coolers even with the
rumored increase in TDP and the reason
for that is that the rumor is that 4090
coolers were designed for a much higher
TDP because Nvidia kind of rug pulled
the their board Partners on what the
exact heat output of the card was going
to be so I don't think they're going to
get bigger in the Next
Generation but with that said man I
don't think anything things off the
table anymore oh man dude how cool would
it be Dan if we had uh oh I guess I
should look this way at you even though
you're physically over there yeah sure
that works uh oh my goodness uh how cool
would it be if we had a standard where
your kind of like the old trash can Mac
Pro right where you got your CPU socket
and then you've got your GPU and the D
on the top and you could just do like a
gigantic combo cooler and then just have
like front to back air that goes right
through it ah yeah I'd like that or that
be sick like you could have your CPU
Cooler here and then maybe another thing
that kind of wraps around it right so
you can still remove them or you could
move the CPU socket more to the right of
the board yeah uh and then you could um
because you'd have such a large cooler
like a GPU even though it kicks out so
much heat is a larger die it's easier to
move the heat away from so you could
cool your smaller die CPU where you
really need that temperature
differential between the the air
and the and the fins um or rather and
and the and the and the processor itself
and then you could take that semi heated
air blow that through like a big a large
cooler for the GPU so you could you
could either do them seral or you could
do them uh like split like you could
have the CPU on the one side and the GPU
on the one side and then you could just
have like a tunnel that you're blowing
air down that kind of cools each on both
sides or I think probably the most
effective design would be like the trash
can which really did a great job of cool
of removing that much heat for for its
size and for its noise and then you
would just have like heat P pipes coming
off the GPU heat pipes coming off the
CPU into just like a great big fin stack
that would be freaking cool yeah maybe
we should start seeing like you know CPU
chips just come as a chip when can we
get gpus that do that oh it's never
going to happen I know it would be nice
never going to happen I think I think
what pisses me off mostly about the new
motherboards these days is again yeah
lack of PCI Lan um PCI gen came out all
the boards put it on it it has like a
thousand PCI Gen 4 Lanes what speed do
uh gpus run out lonus PCI gen
4times 8 for now for now for now I I
would like to
see I'd like to see the desktop use the
additional bandwidth of PCI Gen 5
differently I would actually rather than
see a pcie by 16 GPU slot I would like
to see everyone get together and kind of
go heyy can we all acknowledge that 16
current generation Lanes is utterly
unnecessary and can we start putting
adex slots as our primary GPU slot and
using those Lanes somewhere else having
more slots having more IO uh having more
more storage ports you know I I I I but
the new consumer the PCI 5 came out I I
need the new nice big thing that's the
new number right well hold on there is I
see PCI Gen 4 * X you know I've got a
motherboard that has seven PCI
slots uh I know what I'm buying average
consumer sees top-of-the-line board PCI
Gen 5 they know that
it they don't know that the gpus don't
even run at the speeds I have a
justification Dan I have a justification
for this go for it if I still had a 16x
slot right PCI Gen 5 16 and a pcie Gen 6
card comes out right I could take that I
could put it in my Gen 5 slot and I'd
still be getting half of its total
theoretical bandwidth if we move to bu8
interfaces um I will be getting now and
we get like a 16x card and I put it in
my 8X slot that's a gen old I will be
getting a quarter of the theoretical
bandwidth which could actually impact
performance another thing um a lot of
the CPU and Northbridge like lanes are
shared if I put too many nvme drives in
it disables PCI slots if I put too many
SATA drives in it disables PCI slots
what if you just give me eight slots on
the board and then we can adjust which
ones are active or not dude Ser server
boards kind of what I'm talking about
that's basically how they work now is
you don't even have slots on them they
just have those little um what what's
that mini whatever connector called uh
Jake sent me the wildest looking board
that was pretty I think it was from
ASRock rack where it just had had no
slots on it and just the entire bottom
of the board was covered in those uh
those pcie Riser connectors and I was
like oh my gosh that's so cool because
then you can you just design your
chassis around that and you just like
carry PCI wherever you want it storage
devices gpus basically uh that would be
super nice like taking the PCI standard
to its logical conclusion and just
making everything like an add-in card
yeah not ocul link it's it's the it's
the newer one I I it's it's escaping me
right now um I've no idea yeah I I can't
remember no it's not oculink oh yeah
bifurcation is another huge thing I've
got a quad m.2 Drive thing in there
adding cable cost though is going to is
going to kill the deal on consumer like
for servers yes but not for not for yeah
but it gives manufacturers the
opportunity to sell more dongles yeah I
mean they think of the dongles line I
like it they'll love it they'll push it
for just that I think case it would
really change case
design that would be that would be super
cool if all of a sudden you could kind
of like creatively Mount cards anywhere
but looking at how little adoption we've
seen for for PCI risers like it's still
niche in the small form factor space or
like the vertical mounts like it's still
I would say at most probably 1% of PCS
if you factor in prebuilds probably less
like I I just don't think most people
are going to be willing to absorb that
additional that additional cost probably
not all right what what else we got to
today okay thanks for the early show now
I can watch it work since I work in a
data center myself I love that video
tour uh was there anything that you
learned that you want to apply to your
H's pool Loop uh those Leak Detection
cords are super cool like being able to
know exactly where it is but but no um
the the cost of implementing things the
way that they do them is why we didn't
do it that way it's not because we like
didn't think of it uh it's yeah it's
it's super cool to like see it all done
right i' I'd say the one thing that we
are legitimately considering because
we've had multiple power outages here at
the office in the last couple of weeks
because of uh storms in the in the
southwestern BC area is diesel generator
backups uh we're we're getting pretty
darn tired of our power going out um
but like we can't afford to have you
know an onsite you know fuel purify and
like so it's going to be someone's job
to micromanage like making sure we have
non stale diesel fuel on site all the
time and I'm just looking at it going we
can barely keep our our snackies drawers
stocked because and and that's not cuz
you know people like you know do a bad
job or something it's just cuz like we
we've got a lot going on and it's easy
for it's easy for just in case we need
it stuff to Fall by the wayside when
something else is happening right so I I
understand especially if you can't even
keep snackies in stock which are
extremely visible oh yeah you know okay
you know you know why the snackies
aren't in stock right now I yeah Canada
Post strike Costco relies on them for
delivery so we don't have snackies right
now like I think our I think our
shipment is like one of those limbo
shipments where it started before the
strike ended and then it or before the
strike started and then didn't get
completed or something I I I don't know
exactly why I'm piecing This Together
someone told me that it's to do with the
Canada Post strike and I read an article
about how some things are stuck in limbo
so I made some assumptions I connected
some dots but basically it's something
to do with the Canada Post strike well
we'll call them moldies now instead of
Snackies it's just been in a warehouse
for the last month and a half thanks Dan
um let's see last one I've got here for
you hello gents I think my last merch
message went astray yes it did I'm sorry
about that I own a ZX Spectrum UK
competitor to the Commodore 64 do you
think keyboard computers could ever make
a comeback love
Max um no the keyboard is has become
such a personal choice like even and I'm
not even talking about the people for
whom their keyboard is is their their
purest expression of theirself you know
um I'm talking about just low profile
high profile numpad no numpad uh
positioning of various Keys uh keyboards
have become such a personal choice that
I I feel like integrating them into a
device would be a fundamental error of
the greatest magnitude um like even even
mobile devices right like they they come
with a keyboard but you can absolutely
switch it out for a different keyboard a
different layout different functionality
if you want um I just I I don't I don't
see us making a return to this and sure
yes okay you could make it modular kind
of like what framework did on the
framework 16 but again I look at what an
outlier the framework 16 is as a laptop
with you know a slim modular keyboard um
more modularity is absolutely absolutely
not the direction that the industry is
going and I wouldn't expect that Trend
to reverse anytime
soon yeah uh Randall we have no plans
for a uh like a formal tool bag at this
time nothing's impossible but there's
nothing happening at this time
and I think that's it for the wano it
feels bizarre doesn't it to be done wano
I like yeah and then go for lunch I'm
going to just what do I do what do I do
I like I feel like my day is over and
it's time to go home like this is like
like like salivation condition response
right now yeah I'm ready I'm sleepy I'm
ready to go to bed yeah cuz like I was
talking to Sammy about this I've had
maybe three or four like singleand
Friday nights off in 10 years not even
exaggerating um so I'm like I just go
and like stare at the ceiling all
evening yeah cuz I cuz I take took my my
meds too early this morning and I'm
wired I told my kids I told my kids that
I'm coming home at a reasonable time and
they were like
why and I was like well why do you lie
to us Daddy yeah know I was like oh
we're doing W show in the morning
they're like why I'm like Luke has to
catch a flight and they're like oh I'm
like oh okay maybe I guess you guys have
plans on Friday nights I I don't blame
you I mean I've been absentee dad on
Friday nights for your entire lives but
yeah sure I mean uh cool have a UK snack
or just leave I don't know yeah I mean
our branding is all off now we can't
have W show after dark when it isn't
dark it's messed up man everything's
messed up I didn't even push the button
oh yeah oh okay well let's do a special
let's do a special shout out for dbrand
then who didn't get their uh their their
Banner interruptions and actually
I can I can show you
guys I I saw it on the
Forum oh okay well that's the ridge
collaborative product hold on let's wait
let's refresh again and find another
collaborative product hello oh our
Costco snacks came through UPS uh as of
yesterday oh did they okay so it's fixed
now then I think they've always come
through UPS oh well why' someone tell me
it was something to do with Canada Post
then I don't know blaming you I'm going
to go speak to that person okay do I
have to load a new page like what what's
going on here
uh okay hello refresh I thought alt F5
is supposed to do like a full
refresh alt function F5 am I am I just
completely derping here
Dan uh on what on alt F5 alt F5 is the
thing to refresh the page right I think
that's like is that Force refresh no I
thought it was I thought is it it's just
F5 alt shift F5 I don't know what the
four Al yeah I thought it was alt is it
shift F it's shift F5 good Lord for the
force yeah okay I haven't had a reason
oh crap I haven't had a reason to force
refresh a page in years and years and
years sorry doesn't happen very often
yeah I don't even know if it works
there's no like indicator that it's
actually a force refreshing I don't
think it's Force refreshing because it's
loading it's loading the exact
same thing even if I whether I shift you
guys are sure it's not all control is it
control I think sometimes there's like a
shortcut that you hit the refresh icon
while holding it on a shortcut I don't
know if that works okay yeah it seems to
be
just not okay LTD backpack available now
I'm just going to keep clicking stuff
until whatever the point
is we finally
launched oh uh Black Friday sale ends in
10 hours shop now I don't oh my God uh I
don't care uh okay yeah circuit board so
cool um this apparently is gyro
controlled on Android which I thought
was pretty neat uh if you go to um if
you go to the the circuit board landing
page um there's three different versions
we've got uh dark circuit short circuit
and glow circuit and uh it's going
pretty good people are pretty into the
design so guys you can you can check
that out our skin part dbrand there you
go all right I think that's pretty much
it we'll see you guys again next week
same bad time same bad
channel oh oh crap what what you should
do is we should pull up a video well no
no we got this going to call them I was
going to I was freaking out I don't know
what's going to happen this is uh this
is hilarious for the first little while
before I synchronized my contacts on the
iPhone uh Luke was still in my address
book as slick and so I didn't realize
that I went to call him with with voice
in my car and I was like call Luke la
year and it's like
sorry who I'm like call
slick and it goes
through I kind of want to put him back
in my address book is
that hello hey bye bye
[Music]
go the show Bring
It I have made a terrible mistake I said
same bad time it it'll it'll be like the
normal time not this time okay